hey people welcome to a new one
video today i los the winner
or the two winners
from my size zero Gewinnspiel resp
I have already drawn but I will
they declare it to you and that I do the
is her video uploaded or
the video to my weight loss story
if you have not seen it
should then I link it to you here
again and yes I was very over
the resonance pleased the video appears
you liked it very much
I totally wondered about the comments
happy and yes I was totally happy me
been how he reacted and
about a life comments and then
I would like to thank you again
for the sweet words here
have written and yes I turn
probably then again a video
And yes, there are some questions
I have been in the
comments before a few answers but
I will then turn a video again
About a few ask the personal
have not been asked
which is then also once again come to the
If you are now directly again
then ask questions about the program
can you just me under this video
post again
and then I just look at the
both videos so requesting something together
has come and
I will do it again a complete
make video and you the whole question
answer and yes I still have
an information for you what that
program
in the comments I could also
read that some of you came to me
have already booked the in january now
want to start and or later and
with some I also read that
they are interested and right now
consider booking and booking the internet
I also wanted something for this job
I have to mention that too
a discount code for you, so to speak
the programs and indeed there are three
programs that men program so that
ten why program then of course that
so what I've done and there are still
the pregnancy program the man
counting program
what does the julian have with the charlotte
i would formerly have angel on the
put legs that you might see
or maybe you know her if you already
done on instinct lenovo and for all
I have three programs then special for
you and if you are interested
that's the program to book then
Just write me a link
check out the programs in the infobox and
if you want to book it then
Just write me the personal one
Message either followed me up
I'm also publishing this in facebook
the infobox there you can the personal
write news that's me
Actually I like that the most
really every day in youtube go the
sometimes a bit under but you
can I also like youtube in a
So write a personal message
either on facebook or on youtube
if you want the program weeks and
then you will get a coupon code
from me a little special of mine for
you and exactly
So if you are at one of the top
annotated time writes me one
personal message everything about it
as you find me so on
Everything is in the infobox and now
it comes to me to the two winners or
Winners and indeed I had yes and
Although a white for the moment Europe
a white with the billed on
beach saying and a black with the
all of kitty cost training logo and yes
then I would say that black
I dazzle you meat as a reason
had won 4 1 now
has the black you can take
now read months dear
congratulations you have the black tanktop
I hope you are very happy
above and now we come to the
white the white shirt has won
the ina lee your name dazzle me too
again here so read it
can and exactly who knows
is meant
Congratulations to you at the
show was very happy about the tops and
yes you have fun while doing sports
hope that motivates you to the fun
tops and what to do in sports and
to give proper gas for both of you
He's writing me about youtube
message your address and then send
I thank you so much
and yes that was it from me
was only a short winner
draw video and information video
about coupon codes as I said if he
want to book the program and
have a small coupon code
you want to see the infobox
everything links and writes me in
the comments if you ask about that
program should have you turn soon
a separate video to the whole questions
again and yes there was from me
this place
Until next time my life makes it
good and because they have more videos of
want to see me because you look in
last video over there I have you
a bit of my weihnachtsdeko at
maybe filmed at home
you care how I mean mine
decorated at home and show here
I give you my top 5 drogerie
lipsticks and yes maybe like
that's it and click through times
have fun until then bye